hi everyone M I am just going to quickly
film this video about this Midwest
Guinea habitat I think it's an American
cage but you can now kind of buy it m at
some places in the UK I'll put some
information in the description box of
where I bought it but I have to say I'm
not overly Impella impressed with the
service of where I bought it however I
think that if you live in England rather
than Scotland that it would arrive a lot
sooner so I got this skinny habitat
because I am going to be moving house at
the end of this week and so I'm taking
the female herd of guinea pigs
apart from Willow and with me and I can
give you some more information about
that once I've moved em and my mom is
going to be keeping the boys and because
of where I'm moving I haven't got space
to take them all and they are family
pets so I'm not actually a band in any
of them my mom will look after them
perfectly well and I will be looking
after them sort of in the holidays I got
rubber and Christmas and things like
that so I'm without rambling on I
thought I would get this skinny habitat
and then M if it is okay obviously I
know it's too small for the herd I'm not
squeezing them all in there but if it's
an okay size I will buy one or two more
and expand it and while I'm waiting for
those to come and I am going to expand
it myself with M the grids that we
already have until I buy them their own
CSD cage so the reason why I was doing
this rather than taking cages well
obviously I'm moving and the last things
I have to take with me the better so I'm
saving space on cage and three-level
cage that we have I just don't think
would be suitable for and I heard
because the where the holes are for the
ramps are just isn't good for space so
anyway I'm going to open up this box and
put it together and show you I'll let
you know I think and how easy it is to
put together and all these kind of
things and the box is a lot tighter and
I thought it would be so I'm hoping it
isn't a tiny cage and we'll hopefully
not be too flimsy so I'll catch you in a
moment and very quickly before they sort
of damage the box Wrentham like that
this is what it should look kind of all
built up and it does say that it would
be 8 square feet so that's kind of good
for two guinea pigs if that's all you
had and there you can see up the top and
that's how can you how you would expand
it and kind of you know go around the
corner or whatever and yeah so the doors
lock in place and there's ramps and all
these kind of things if you expand it so
if I had to show you that in case I
damaged the box and can't show you again
okay so this is really handy when you
take it out the box and you get your
canvas base and you're a kid of grids or
cage whatever you like to call it and
instructions and I just noticed I
couldn't understand why on the back of
the box there was a outdoor run but
obviously if you buy the cage with the
lid because you can get a roof for this
case so if you have cats or dogs that
would jump into your cage then and there
is a roof so obviously you should use
that outside as an outdoor pen how
clever so if you were thinking of just
getting this for two guinea pigs and you
don't have kin of the space to be stored
in a lot of things this case would be
really good because you could use it as
a cage and an outdoor pen or a play pen
so here it is all sort of set up it's
really it was perfect for what I'm
looking for
it looks a bit squiffy at the moment
because I'm not going to finish putting
it together say I'm just going to be
putting it back in the box ready for
traveling and I will most definitely be
getting another one to do an expansion
so that the girls will have a lot more
space and it won't be misma mish-mashed
with my grids the bottom the base is
sort of canvas on the outside and
waterproof on the inside and it seems
really thick and durable so that's
really great and it's also on the
outside of the cage so the guinea pigs
aren't gonna be able to chew it which is
really good and because the base is
white green white green cuz I'm look at
the color white clean it means that I am
going to be able to use bedding em which
is great because I was invited in having
to use puppy pads and things em which
isn't ideal with them on the floor and
yeah that's really good I'm really happy
with this this is it set up I am just
going to be putting it away
and I will do a review at some point and
when the girls are in their new home and
you'll get to see them and yeah when I
buy the expansion I will let you know
and again I'll put sort of a link to
where i bought from in the description
it was only about 33 pounds which is
amazing and obviously i'm half the place
of most pet shop cages and double the
size so that's really good and some sort
of you're not getting a very good view
of it i can lean back people um yeah so
i'm really happy with that it seems
really suitable I mean the grids aren't
amazing but you can actually buy these
bases and just on their own just a
replacement base I think for about 15
pound so it might actually be worth
buying one of these bases to use even
just with seeing secrets you wouldn't
have to use this grid you could put your
own in I think this is the equivalent of
a 2x4 so it would be a really good cage
for two to three guinea pigs so so far
I'm really impressed with the EM Midwest
guinea pig guinea pig habitat honestly I
do not have the worst today so I'm going
to leave it there and oh yeah that it
has m doors either and I'd be vessel in
this one open this door and obviously
you could just let your guinea pigs out
I'm going to need to have the door open
and sort of give them extra space when I
set up my own grids which is great but
if you buy another guinea pig habitat
you can and buy these ramps to put over
that but I just be tempted to put em
some kind of fleece or towel in on the
vamp just to stop them hurting the
little feet but I think the guinea pigs
will be able to jump out there no
problem or alternatively you could just
take this bit apart and they would just
be able to jump over the side so I think
you can get oh that I'm quite happy with
this cage and I will definitely be
buying another section when I move to my
new home so um there aren't going to be
any more videos until I have moved and
obviously got internet setup and this
kind of thing so this could be the last
one I will try and film some sort of
moving things I'll do an updated and
travel series kind of and what I'm
taking and how to you know pack up your
guinea pigs to go
I win and I might get some footage along
the way because it is a good few hours
aware that I'm moving and I will leave
the links in the description box but on
previous videos about travel and safe is
your guinea pig because I hate when
people and don't travel safely with our
guinea pigs they need to be insecure
competition I'm gonna borrow Mon about
that so I'll see you in the next video
bye guys